I'm back from my secret
mission a song for media the dragon Queen media Dragon Queen s with your
darkest dreams come to you whisper dance with the mus sing but your
drag and queen say cre your darkest dreams come to you
Whispering dance with the music toxic venom media's kiss dancing
into the bank catching checks cracking whips Athena with a dark tip malti
Island sacred drift Catherine of the water purple amethyst cha plus one on
the list bumping tracks in the ride Dark Harbor High Tide all wheeel Drive HCK
tell with the thec calling from a deal we throw pedophiles of the Lions I'm
with a roog group of Roman Rebels who make rope and fashion crosses the root
Cutters with the black arrows but see your dread and green s your darkest
dreams come to you whispery dance with the music sing MAA
Dragon Queen s with your darkest dreams come to you
whisper dance
thank you for coming back it's so nice to be here with you tonight because I
have some special things that I'm gonna share with you tonight a couple of big
announcements and then we're going to throw some sources in there that are I'm
going to lay the foundation for the Renaissance I love this I love this I want to tell you
about who I spent some time with I just got back from a secret
mission I just got back from a secret
mission and that secret mission
involved my meeting um Danny Jones and uh what an amazingly cool
character um this guy is dense as iron he is a solid he's an
earthy metal this guy you could fashion a sword out of Danny
Jones um and I thought he was the best
interview I have ever had he is
a magnet uh for
the Muse's song and he did his research man he read
the whole chemical Muse Danny if you ever see this thank you for doing that there's nothing um better than having
your work critiqued by someone of your you know
level of cognition it's nice it shows me love it
love it it was uh it was a wonderful experience and this this guy Danny is so
cool I'm serious he's right at the top I had the best day of my life man and I
told him that I told him that and he will be you know um he and chewy right
his chewy is Steve with a pH and um
these are two of the most aggressively Renaissance characters that I have ever
seen in my life this is Fant fantastic the Watchers are going to be watching and saying my God man what have you done
right it's just the perfect combination oh we have such good stuff we have such good stuff so um Danny read the whole
chemical Muse and then he came in and you know he wanted to ask questions
tough questions what were you doing when you were a teenager
yeah yeah stuff like that um good questions he tracked where you know the
education was coming from right and so by the way there will be two versions of
this I made it you know so far to where you know how it is we got
to discuss the dirty stuff all you Satan oh you Satan worshiping people you know
what I mean oh by the way that was his first question that was his first question um what do you mean by hail
Satan yeah I love it I love it so um this was
a great a great opportunity that I'm very thankful for um and there it'll be
released in a YouTube form that is the Disney version right it's not actually
Disney but um it's the form that we got up to before I just couldn't take it
anymore everybody knows how I am right yeah just got to let it go I got to get
it out of there now I said some things there with Danny that I've never said um
and discussed because I'm an open book I'm an open book right everybody knows
that everybody knows um so uh this should be fantastic um uh and I think that there
will be um enough for you my satanic congregation um I feel that there will
be enough of a fresh look there um uh
for material that I ended up taking like 80 overhead you know um 80 passages out
there right but we ended up in the middle of a
tornado um tornadic storm with a Sirens
blaring and oh God perfectly time Thunder it was gorgeous it was me and
the Muse and Danny and Steve who ate his
popcorn it was fantastic I want everybody to critique to get a chance
when you get a chance to look at that and to critique it because I talk about some of the things that you and I talk
about um so you know uh is this man all right yes he is hail
Satan yeah love it so look um as soon as that gets out I will blurt it all over
the place make sure everybody gets a chance Snappy send people out make sure
everybody gets a chance to do their part to critique alen Now what is my surprise
for you tonight before we jump into the into the Oria where what is my surprise
for tonight tonight I want to take a couple of minutes to talk to you about a trans
formation um I've gotten to the point where I have uh I cannot
answer people who are requesting classes okay I'm overwhelmed and I know
that there's got to be a way for this to proceed so what I'm doing is I'm opening
up am and you yeah am and who am and you and what we're going to do is I'm
going to offer classes yeah I'm going to offer classes and um in intensive Greek we'll still
have an intensive Greek course but I'll have pre-recorded and um it'll be something
that you can meet in a lab once a once a week in groups with me there right so
you still get that one onone time kind of but in a classroom environment right
we need there a lot of people that we have to accommodate people want the
museum so I am putting together um I'm and you currently um including filming
and um uh we're going to have a chance to make that thing come true um that
dream what is that what is that thing it's coming true did somebody Wish Upon a Star
so yeah so it should be up and running and I want I wanted to send a message
out there to people who have been getting in touch with me and have been saying look I want to take your class I
really want to I'm gonna have a list of classes okay and I'm going to continue
the classic Greek and listen the training modules may be offensive
yeah take it take it personally yes take it personally it
will be intensive training so I don't have to coddle you and baby you anymore
this is great I have a platform now where I can just work you to death where
I can take you to that place where your muscles are all sore right oh God oh God
Neil is Con the bug he's running around with text getting access to the lobe
classical library for any of my Greek students for a year you can get actually
get a year membership to the lob classical Library it's a polyglot it's
got Greek on one side English on the other and it's a fantastic way to build your vocabulary or to pack your
vocabulary yes yeah it was in the middle of a it's the
middle of a tornado warning with all the thunder and lightning and it was
emphasizing exactly it was it it was beautiful it was nature brought into
some kind of cosmic orgiastic Beauty oh God was gorgeous and I have a
lot of respect I have a lot of respect for Danny so he was trying to keep me on track and I think he did a good job I
think he did a good job and I um I want to thank you and we'll see what
happens um great so for everybody who is in the group that has to be
doing um text translation from herculanum right don't forget don't
forget I know that you're still there right and I know this is something you're thinking about we're we got to
rev up for this right we've got to get going because this is all timing it's
perfect timing right it's beautiful beautiful by the way I really hope your
Eclipse was fantastic I hope it was I hope it was mine brought a new
beginning yeah it did um and I want to say I hope that you will appreciate the
interview I hope you'll appreciate it and appreciate Danny's skill and um cool
guy cool guy I I haven't even talked about it is you know um it's talents
right um I'm just talking as a human being um that's how they speak around
here okay was a tremendous time everybody the classes are coming Let's
Get Serious the classes are coming and I'll have the platform uh up and going
and then um we can figure out
the way to farm an army a Renaissance
Army for those of you who have the call you can feel it like people write to me
they're like I feel it I feel the call right I can it's something's pulling me
right you may have seen something little serendipitous these people are usually talking about
serendipity yes yes what is that somebody smack Yung all
right for those of you who love Yung this is for you bad very bad very bad all right
let's do this let's do this here's what I've got tonight I want to show you um a
few slides but before I do before you hit the hyperdrive chewy um I just want
people to know that I've got um several
classes that I'm gonna go ahead and offer I'm going to use this opportunity because Danny asked me in the interview
he's like what do you what did you do after um
university after they um drove you out of
town yeah um what does one do at that point well now I have a chance to do
something yes yes right now I have a chance to bring back that
University um only ours is going to be better yeah definitely definitely can
you hear the thunderous Applause of people I've got some classes to offer you and I consider taking them um of
course we'll have the Intensive Greek 20 this one will be a strict 20we course
right you go at um your pace but you have to make the benchmarks in order to pass it right you got to be up there and
if you can't you can't right you just got to work um and I'll have Labs there
and I'll be mean to you right but in a good way in a good way not in a not in a
derogatory kind of way but in a way to get you pumped up because one of the things I talked with Dan Danny about was
this language makes you smarter okay it makes you smarter and
people will comment to me and they have for years ever since I've been teaching it people come to a point they realize
oh my God I'm outthinking other people around me right my husband's a lot dumber
than than I thought yeah it's because the Greek does
something to your mind it causes you to expand it causes you to reach out and to
stretch in directions that you're not used to stretching with your foul anglosaxon mouths
that language that you have it's so barbaric
English so barbaric doesn't matter what dialect
it's barbaric and half of its base is
greatek okay so right what we have to do
is we have to expose ourselves those of us who have the call to that bapt ISM
That Dying of the Greek and when you're wearing the purple yeah you're ready to fly you're
ready to go yeah mind expanding can you believe
that it's mind expanding but it's sweating this isn't just a pill that
you're G to take and you're going to go to La La Land that's what those religious historians are for
yeah yeah I'm sorry but um we have to point out those who are deficient you
know come on man they're Samurai right you guys know that I'm roning that's what my publisher told me
she said um she's from Ronin press and she said you're
Ronin and um that's nice that's a compliment because the Ronin um were B
basically outcasts their lord had been overthrown their Dao had been overthrown they had nowhere to go they could just
live a life um in a as a samurai write poetry
right do what's right that kind of thing um but they got no protection from a
lord they're not part of the structure they're on the outside man it's not life
is not the same when you're in Exile yeah right because they're
dangerous once your Lord's been lost you're a you're a dangerous element yeah fantastic do you see where
we are that's where we are so I was able to talk with Danny about some of that
kind of stuff and you can hear Stephen eating his popcorn in the
background okay give him a hard time for that it's it it's a perfect effect I
mean it's a perfect effect um was gorgeous these these guys are geniuses
absolute Geniuses I loved it I want to go back okay let's um yeah so what are the
courses that I can offer you let's just slow down and let me give you the courses so intensive Greek I'm gonna
have a basic Greek lit and a basic Roman lit I'm gonna go ahead and throw in a
little bit of you know I'm thinking about cutting out that side completely to be quite honest cuz I don't think we
have time yeah I don't think we have time we need Greek we need Greek that's the one
that we really need so um we'll have a Greek literature course then um also a
myth course because I know people are they want I used to teach myth at the University right um
so um I I understand um we'll have an English word roots
course yeah yeah but I think um that one I'm going to incorporate with the
literature in order to kind of push people toward doing the Intensive Greek
the Intensive Greek is just for those people who really really want to excel I
mean these are the crack troops these are the people you send in first to the library we get to those beaches the
library these are the people we send in first right these are the people who can preserve and protect T these you know oh
love it love it okay um and then we'll have a course on cult course on cult and
a course on drugs yeah drugs
finally we will have a course on magic on Magic a course on Magic and
when I say courses you understand what I mean is that we're going to the sources
and I'm going to give you the dirtiest stuff I'm going to give you the stuff that people say oh okay it's time to
switch off of YouTube and to switch on to patreon right because I don't want to
get stuck with you know having put on something that's uses words that
algorithms don't like to refer to yeah I think one of them is
un uh what do you call that what a what are we chewy un
unregulated unincorporated some you know whatever
detached from the tee yeah that's what they call it when you're sucking that
Tee when you're taking in that milk you little goats yeah that's what we're here
to punish right you remember that when you're chasing those saders and you're beating them you got your robbed on and
you're you're putting your applications via the robon into the part of the human
body that's capable of absorbing the drugs that are on
those um that ra robon that sacred um
wand you thought wands were all isn't it funny everybody was watching Disney
again and everybody thought the wands were these you know Harry Potter
which is just obscene man it's just obscene Harry Potter's
wand oh was this is this whole thing I think I I think I found this in junior
high I think I found this in junior high she was the one of the best teachers I
ever had yeah definitely I'll leave it at that um because this is YouTube let's
keep it let's keep it you know um I'm always going to do that people by the way I'm always going to do that
monetized we're not monetized right yeah good okay um you got the raw stuff it's
going to be magic and cult and for the magic and cult and drugs um I I may want
to combine those into one grand course
on the mystery yeah the
mystery I heard it I just heard some Melvin say n you mean the
Mysteries yeah yeah in the plural Melvin yeah the performance the activation of
the Throne of Satan yeah
fantastic love it love it good stuff good stuff um let's go to the sources
and see what we've got now this is the kind of thing that I'm going to pull out in the classes and I want people to be a
able to follow even if you don't have any interest in the Greek I want you
just to follow it hit me with the passage remember people this is the
famous passage mark 14:51 from the New Testament Kai
Nanos T and this T here it never gets translated it never gets
translated right it's an indefinite so so it's some something or
someone and what is the sum of it it's suos that second word that is not only a
diminutive on the end of it it's root is boy so this is young boy young boy
there's a some young guy Jesus is with some young guy
and what is that what is some young guy what is what is what is the fourth word
in he's assigned to him as a as a what well like a slave or
a soldier and this guy's not he doesn't have any armor
on so wait a minute you mean Jesus Christ wasn't just out doing
carpentry no he was important enough to have
assigned underage naked
slaves did Jesus have money it's funny he always appears
poor I think your picture is wrong because here he's got enough power that
he's assigned his own naked boy slave and there's there's you know um we can
go into length about um what that
privilege is when you've got to have that you know when you've got that money like Jesus isn't doing this in the
palace right he's not watching he's not watching his wife's daughter his
stepdaughter he's not watching her dance naked um in a dark
back alley somewhere right he's not watching that
he's in the palace and all the big wigs are there this is entertainment
bro and she comes out and dances so good he says I'll give you anything no this
is Jesus and he's back in the park right with people three of his boys watching
guarding at a distance yes every's like we know this sir okay keep going don't
call me sir not even no back to the no no get that off there ah Chris the Ango
okay uh look Al toy P Minos having wrapped up a scen dona
which we all know what that is it's a bandage and then those next two words epu on his private parts yeah and katus
and outon and they arrested him so there was some young guy assigned to Jesus and
some young guy had his genitals wrapped in a medicated
bandage yes and they arrested him this is when they're arresting Jesus right
okay and what happens next one oh look what happens here people look look what
happens a young man look at the transformation of the new National tonight we're going to beat to death The
New International Version which is probably as useful as oh I don't know um as a Model
T yeah yeah probably about that useful
practical now right sure for a museum that's okay but I'm not taking one on night in right um that's what this thing
is doing it's distorting a young man no it's not a young
man yeah yeah a young man how about where'd you get the man
out of that there's nothing in Nanos that's man naam means
fresh fresh a little freshy Nanos it's a
diminutive a little freshy yeah and so a young man he sounds
more distinguished they distinguished him up wearing nothing listen wearing nothing
incidentally but a linen garment a linen garment seriously okay he was following
Jesus When They seized him right like just following what is this kid out just wandering aimlessly right who is this
weirdo go to the next one oh my God look at it look at here look at
it follow along with her closely and look at the first examples they give Greek students they give armies
generals slaves yeah attend what does slaves do
they attend on you now why would I need a young naked boy to attend on me and
feel that I had to hide it in a public park at 400 a.m. because I'm not running with Herod
when I'm doing it right he can do that kind of stuff you can't bro and the
rich always do that's not a conspiracy I'm telling you
historically that's a fact I'm sorry people goes right back to it over and
over and over again yeah yeah interesting let's go hit
the next one look at this I was just going to show you the scene down we've all seen this here let's go through
these quick Trey because this is the scene D the bandage this is wait this is Boos right look at the first line booos
down right oh nice right Bo
onon oh no no um what is it the linen band is used
for momies and then wounds right there's not much else
you're going to wrap with this stuff but everybody look at number two and remember that it is
poros right or porur in the herculanum library when we
bring that up we're going to see what is the purple what is the purple remember they're applying this via linen
wraps via linen wraps do you mean they're putting the burning purple on a
linen wrap and then wrapping up a young kid's private parts with it yes what are
you gonna do at that point if you're Jesus somehow the goop is going to get
on your face right why is that for the
galain for the Galan you're gonna suck the Black Death right through that
linen yeah it's impregnated in the
wrap okay are you seeing it are you seeing what Jesus is doing are you
seeing that's one of the things that I like that Danny said was he said all oh my God all of a sudden this stuff is
making sense yeah yeah I'm sorry to inform you
that your God is a child killer and his son is a
pedophile yeah pederast is the technical term in Antiquity for those who have the
students just like Hercules and his pederastic k
his Centaur yeah are you there do you see where you
are this is your life this is your
life and you serve a
past if you're into that kind of thing maybe throw in some
genocide yeah that's usually what happens but that stuff has to be purged
that stuff has to be purged and that's coming from the one that you don't see
except in the reflection yeah you know who she is you
know who she is all right let's go to the next next text next text who's
saying that is it's the sacred name do you not know the sacred name what is
this what is this purple um just look down at number two um this is that has
to do with the cloth I want you to see that all the way under Roman numeral number two number four they finally give
you the concrete form of it right they tell you purple color this is the purple
this is the purple it's not like they go to school and learn about the
colors right everybody knows what the purple is and it has um symbolic
associations with it to the extreme right to the extreme it is Royal it is
Royal it is divine yeah it is that death and if you
don't have that galain if you're not sucking that black death right out of
that linen your mouth isn't full of the burning purple um yeah you you're not in right
that's how you disrupt the signal yeah it's how you you breach
through that dark star yeah fantastic oh God it's delicious isn't it let's go to
uh the purple was there and then I wanted you to see the Morant too but that's okay um it's a part of the
preparation finally Baff right Baff dipping what is the dipping the baptism is a dying and that
dying is a drug action and a lot of you will say well
that's obvious isn't it right yeah not necessarily right not drugs in the way
that you think of them yeah the dying of the hair was talked about talked
about as the invention of media whose brain must have
been huge she must have had connections she must have okay it wasn't I'm sure
her brain wasn't huge but but um her calculating power must have been off the
charts because she apparently invented that we have ancient sources that tell us she invented hair
dyes which is cool if you think about they say her native color was blonde but
she'd dye her hair all the time yeah you know there's a fashion an
Antiquity of having a purple stripe having a purple stripe you know
what you honor you know what you honor to the you offer to the dead you give them the honor of
your purple stripe isn't that a gorgeous isn't that a gorgeous concept imagine the women
that were doing this imagine them you can yeah imagine them oh the purple
stripe yeah we're there people we're um this right up that Alleyway this is
gorgeous I love this okay um thank you for the great pictures by the way chewy
chewy didn't go with me this time next time chewy will go with me I'm definitely I need my own chewy you know
what I mean and so leaving behind the bandage the kid ran away naked good now
all I want to point out because you guys have seen this thousand times all I want to point out is look all we're doing is
going to the Greek that's all we're doing we're just going back to the Greek and the only way
for us to really get down to the dirt is to read a whole bunch is to read a whole
bunch that's that's the only way it's the only way kid fled naked let's go to the next one we're going to fly through
these because I've already taken people's time um here's the new NIV
let's let's kick it up let's beat this thing up he fled naked no that's not what it said no no said
first the bandage fell off his you know who
yeah that belongs yeah because why because why because he and Jesus who
by the way by this time Jesus is groggy and paranoid he's falling
over says mark and um paranoid
scared yeah he's the guy is messed up he's jacked right so he's got to take
from that boy why do you think he's sitting there isn't it a gorgeous intimate picture of
Jesus that when Jesus Christ is arrested in a public park with a naked boy that
he has a difficulty taking the cup through that bandage he has a difficulty
doing that he's like oh Father oh dad remember dad's a child sacrificer so it
doesn't matter right Jesus got no sympathy on that end so it's like oh oh and by the way for
those of you who think and I get this every once in a while this image of your
piety your Christian piety we must spank the bottom of Christian
piety that's what you get and go hang with your sisters when
you because piety P never mind
um when you give in to the fairy tale you give you end up
giving over everything and Jesus didn't have a good relationship with his father
his father killed him his father killed him um your model of what a father
is is not that did you know right the Olympians are looking around like wo
right um did you know there's a good father out there and a good father would
not put his child to death under any circumstances I don't care what you can
come up with yeah yeah fantastic so this well
let's run to the run to the real Zeus here and see what it is by the way Zeus
is thousands of years older than Yahoo so you can see that yaho is a corruption
it's a corruption right of the generation of Heaven and Earth you didn't right in the beginning
was right go they all know this next one look at this get up he says Jesus is
like um this is when he gets discovered right and I want you to see Aus the a oh
my god let's get going get up right his guys are half passed out on the
ground right see um they can't even stay awake he's having a problem he has to wake him up he he spends an hour with
the kid and then he goes back um or a watch which can be an uh two hours two
and a half hours yeah so depending on who was doing it at what time what
freaking Century um so it could be as long as two and a half hours so he's
there um with the kid for a considerable amount of time comes back and his guards you know
they're asleep again right can't keep these kids awake right give them the
stimulant right somebody give these kids a stimulant um that's what the L stas is
up to right so okay so there we are kid runs away good let's go to the next one
let's go to the next one um I just wanted to show you this is he's dude he's in a rush he says look betrayer is
gonna come over and hit it he's got a name for him already the
betrayer Jesus is good like Trump he makes up names yeah isn't that funny oh that's
funny um at this time Jesus answered and he said oh God I'm so ex homic with
you right now look at that second word on the I mean that first word on the
second line ex homic right
ex I'm being literally
intensively on the same Reckoning or reasoning as
you now most of your translations be like oh Father I praise
you no he doesn't say that he doesn't say that at all he says we're on the same reason
wave you and me were on the same M reason father Lord this isn't just this
word cuos goes back to this is old Myan stuff right the Cora and the cuos all
that oracular stuff this Lord goes back to that so this is important I mean this
is thousand years before Jesus this thing is coming out right and he says what is he the Lord of he's the Lord of
uranos and Gia wait a minute what you mean there's a
theogony in this thing yes there is and this is the
family right welcome welcome here it is it's from the Bible nobody reads the Bible anymore yeah and um he's hidden
right you hid this stuff which is what you know Christians if you don't realize all stuff is hidden think about it for a
minute there's no cult religion um starts out with drugs and baby blood and
brains remember the brains that was interesting um that has uh you know any
sort of Hope um of of
becoming modern like what you've got today Christians um they don't have a
hope of becoming modern unless they un inject the system they take out the
antidote so the step can't mix and we get boom we get explosion right that's what's going on
here um they're trying with the translations are trying to hold that down okay go back to the go back to the
because that's what you don't have that modern Christianity right it doesn't S it doesn't make any sense to you if you
have not um had the truth hidden from you in
code right if you haven't been through that experience it's because you don't
crack it right crack it and then you'll know this is what it says it says you hid
these things from the smarty pants yeah and you what you showed it out
nap you showed it to the napio who are the nap you
idiots they're children they're idiots children do you know what an idiot child
is it's a cool concept think about it for a minute everybody thinks oh we have child our Anglo Saxon doesn't permit us
to take that extra step and say well you got different kinds of children right what kinds of children you know what the
Greek language allows you to do it allows you to classify Aristotle uses it that way
right all the maestros of ancient Greek safo for
example that's exactly how she uses it she
categorizes yeah yeah what kind what kind of things can you have in the world
you can have something called an idiot child you know you can't blame an idiot
child idiot children just are they're idiot children you know what I mean it's
not every child that's an idiot
yeah yeah okay so you kept this from the
wise and you gave it to idiots keep going if you're not an idiot you don't
know what I'm talking about just never [Music]
mind here we go at that time Jesus said I praise you father Lord of Heaven and
Earth because you have hidden these things from the w and learn and revealed them to who to little
children no it's not what it says says napio right not pyo right oh my God
nothing with with the kid there it's just a bad translation but what they're trying to do is they're trying to keep
it um they're trying to keep it within the
fairy tale right okay m show us show us what
they did Keep It show us a little more go hit the next one oh yeah here's your
napos just in case you don't believe me right silly silly is a nice way of
saying that's a Victorian way of saying it right silly you have any idiot children that
you've been around yeah I've known some in my time right I understand the
categorization right it's very scientific very scientific mommy am I an
idiot child you know is that what is that where we go go next one love it and
oh yeah yeah yeah um look you know he's standing there talking with him right Jesus is with his boys who have fallen
asleep because they've been hitting the Opium too much right and behold Judas
one of the 12 comes he approaches and with him is this big big crowd with
their swords and with their clubs they came from the arch priests and the elders okay um this next one yep
we can skip the English I don't think the English is that go ahead no go to I think I already skipped it go to
there oh up one yep yep yep no that's okay keep
going um and immediately yeah um what happened came up to Jesus
and he said Kyrie K nice rabie yeah hi there Rabbi and he
Kat him he tonged him right now I'm telling you that's the word for kiss but
there are different types of kiss and you can categorize them there's the kiss that is um you meeting somebody for the
first time if you are in Italy yes or sing your friend home for lunch you know
give him a peack on the cheek there's that kind of kiss and then there's this kind of kiss and this is the Amorous
kiss this is the Amorous kiss this is the intensified kiss you know what I'm
talking about you don't kiss your mother like you do your girlfriend or your
boyfriend it's a different kind of Kiss well Jesus gives them the wet one right
he gives him the big one he's he tongues Judas now watch this watch his response
notice the Greek what we're doing with right what I'm trying to introduce us to tonight is that
refining refining in order to get you to see look you can make bigger words than you are
actually in your brain your brain can do that it can come up with bigger
Concepts um love it do the yep next one going want J yeah and he kissed him
look they cleaned it up that's that's fto brothers that's not oh my dirty
dirty deceitful men of the
cloth oh by the way take it down for a second I got to talk about some of my background that I didn't get to talk
about before which I thought was very nice I thought it was very nice yeah
um some of it striking and scary which is
punctuated in the video by lightning and thunder th right you can hear the thunder in the background so when we
talk about which I thought was great effect um when we talk about the things that we
talk about which your yeah we're getting there let's do it bring me back the
source yeah go give me that one um here it is yeah it can also mean to caress to
it's basically to give intimate love to give that intense right that Kata is an
intensifier now you'll know because in the future when we put a Kata with something you'll know oh this thing
augments it this thing causes it to enter into the most of the most right if
this is a comparative right this is the one that's more than the other one right
love it look at the bottom this is the Amorous kiss we only have two more right we're almost done and Jesus did what he
said to him now watch you're never gonna get this unless you go to the Greek so Judas
comes up and gives Jesus a giant mouth kiss right
at Jesus is there with his dazed boys and the naked kid right you got to
imagine you got to set it up right he's already been stumbling around unsure on
his feet he doesn't want to do what he's going to do to get from that kid what he was trying to get and then all of a
sudden he says oh my you know here they here comes
betrayer get up let's go he says let's go let's get out of here
right but it's too late we're in the middle of talking to him he Judas is already there on top of him French
kissing him yeah and then how do we know that it's french kissing
what's the next that same verse boom look at the one two 3 four five six word
inti right what does Jesus say to him Jesus says to him do what you gotta
do
lover do what you got to do lover you
mean my universe of Salvation and Christianity
is based on that dude yes yes it
is yeah yeah so if you got no problem with
pederasty then worship away um if because and there may be some
people out there you know it's like you can't create a genocide without
weapons without some kind of plan without some kind of
payments right you can't you need that as a backing if you cut that off you
can't have it anymore right your genocide will go away it has to be
supported there have to be resources poured into it right that's the way it is if you
want to shovel the fires of Yahoo that's the way you got to do it remember the
divinities that father that is that good father that doesn't kill his kids are you ready this is from
vya the Priestess on the Vatican all of those
forms have fled into the
animals okay you just sit no no you know sit on the throne those of you are
sitting on the throne sit on it again a couple of times you know yeah get the
feeling back in your soul yeah get those brain connections
connecting and look at the Throne of Satan yeah good hit the last hit the
last one um look people how Jesus replied do you do what you came for
friend Ser serious L
seriously does that even make sense right do you see you thought the
muted tones in Jesus's skin you thought
that was you know cuz he was born with you know without hormones or something
right something's going on this is this is a we're not going either male female
on this one we're just going blah that's the fairy tale Jesus that you've got
right he doesn't say look that fraking betrayer is coming let's get out of here
and then get french kissed and then say something to him friend are you
kidding are you kidding no no it is a an attempt to
obscure the original and that's what we at the museum and at the place that um
we'll be collecting our El at the OM and
you um that is where we have to have those details I I'm not going to be
satisfied you know I saw somebody that Neil was interviewing a long time ago say oh if even 65% of what I say is
right I'm happy seriously that's the measure of accuracy
well get out of the way because we're going to sink your ship yeah we're you know that's we're
serious here we carry the purple yeah yeah wow why because it was
hidden no because we were the wise and we figured it out that's what God doesn't
want you doing that's what Yahoo doesn't want you doing he doesn't want your eyes
opened will it kill you no you'll have new life
you'll be alive for the first time and he doesn't want it why because he's Yahoo bro I don't know how long do you
think I've been ruling this place yeah he's
Yahoo give him his child sacrifice you have a choice you have a choice it's a
incredible thing to watch incredible but you know those are the
those are the happenings and the waves and time and from that you can chart a course you can know how to ride those
waves yeah because you can see where it's going that's what the oracular science is all
about how do I know the future yeah how do I know the future how
does she how does she know the future yeah love it let's go to the somebody get my
goat please let's just say hello so bring Penelope up so as we we end
tonight at this sacred moment of the satanic congregation as we end this point I want us to focus as you're
sitting there please focus on the symbol of the Cross look at that cross look at
that cross and see exactly what that cross
means see it for what it is see it for the
shame because you're going to wear that thing you're going to wear that thing in the
ion and just so you know the cross goes
down just like the swastika thank you for coming
tonight hell Satan C archers riding on Horseback
purple rain shower latex alarm man with the plan blazing the good stuff twist up
let's go down the list with all the ingredients original sources psychedelic
potions Double Trouble ridiculous Venus the producer hung on the temple up high
snake witch Queen of the Dragons throwing weed in the graveyard with
kisses of poison for you she's coming see it ton night ncky with the dragon
Venom of the darkest tight red and green s cre your darkest
dream come to you with dance with the music s m Dragon Queen s
with your darkest dreams come to you Whispering dance with the music s